[Music]
welcome to slash forward today we
finished the Friday the 13th series with
the 2009 remake a film with a title card
so brief I've already overshot it damn
it this movie opens with a brief
reimagining of the ending of the first
movie with Pamela Voorhees meeting out
justice for Jason since they want to
explain everything she talks about why
she's doing what she's doing as she's
doing it revealing this all would have
been avoided if she just adjusted her
unreasonable expectations we then
flash-forward to more modern times where
a group of teens are backpacking through
the woods following a secondhand mapped
to a weed stash that is apparently known
about and yet still exists after sharing
an unnecessary amount of dialogue that
is dripping with phrases that sound like
what adults think teens talk like they
decided to set up camp for the night
here the group gets some classic
backstory revelation of the legend of
Camp Crystal Lake that at this point we
need not review the material goes off to
have a discussion about real-life
problems while Wade the fifth wheel
realizes they're very close to their
intended objective and goes off in
search of it giving the Randy couple
time to get their groove on and what
appears to be the only tents come on
guys
Wade manages to achieve success while
almost immediately counteracting it with
a pretty significant failure while Mike
and Whitney find the old camp and go
herb Xing among the garbage Mike makes
an important observation about Jason's
locking hey it looks like you back at
camp and noise interrupts the sex as
though they were being discreet and
Ricky goes out to explore its source
sans boner he finds Wade and runs back
to camp that finds difficulties along
the way he's helpless to do more than
observe his amanda adds a creative and
brutal sleeping bag killed to the board
back at the cabin the couple finds
evidence of an active occupants Mike
thinks he sees something interesting and
reaches into a dirty hole yeah that was
ill-advised he then manages to never
quite move enough while getting stabbed
through the floor and is dragged under
the floorboards by Jason Whitney runs
back to find the camp carnage and only
has a few moments before Jason arrives
to wrap up the evening festivities six
weeks later were introduced to a new
group of teams heading off the fun at
the lake inside the local gas station
Trent meets and has a bro off with clay
Whitney's brother you okay bro I'm lying
bro who hits Trent with a six sign burn
on his way out clay gets into his second
dick-measuring contest with the local
sheriff who reveals that after a short
investigation and due to a lack of
evidence
clay is the only one still out looking
for
lost teens the group makes it to the
cabin which is much higher rent than
we're used to in the series and they try
to relax and unwind while Trent fuss is
about like a mother hen clay gets the
cold shoulder from the locals who
cryptically reference that Outsiders
need to learn what areas to stay away
from but don't give any more details
that might be helpful Donnie confirms
he's never seen Whitney but then takes
the opportunity to ask clay if he wants
to buy some weed he just found so you
know what that means
Chloe finds his way back to familiar
faces and sympathetic Jenna invites her
boyfriend's arch-nemesis into the house
she makes the mistake of getting between
two alphas and then chooses to go with
clay to help him in his search while
this is happening Donnie has to cash out
for the weed he stole and in the process
jason acquires a necessary piece of
equipment oh yeah so get in Nolan and
Chelsey are out to gas up the boat but
also off to test its water fastness with
some topless water-ski having spent his
life at a summer camp with no company
this jason has perfected all camp
activities which he demonstrates by
placing an arrow into the back of
Nolan's head
this causes Nolan to drift the boat into
Chelsea's face Jason sends her into a
panic and she swims off to what appears
to be the only dock on the lake Jason
arrives shortly after and takes the easy
kill clay and Jenna find and explore the
camp cabins and observe Jason returning
from his fishing trip on their way out
they managed to hide the clay left out
his satchel in the open
Jason reveals that he is Kevin
McAllister at the site and does a little
bush beating to flush out the vermin
confident in his solitude he heads home
clay and Jenna take the smart choice and
run tripping an alarm on the way out
that reveals Jason's underground
labyrinth and shows that Whitney has
been kept alive all these weeks for
purposes of nostalgia back at the house
the party's getting lit with predictable
results the destroyed heirloom sends
Trent into a chest-beating mode both
turning on Bri and driving Chuy to
acquire some tools so he can fix the
chair with predictable and brutal
results Jenna and clay busting
frantically right as Lawrence is about
to frantically bust one out they need to
gather the gang but Trent and Bri are in
the bedroom having a hilarious
conversation but it's so juicy dude and
filming the worst amateur porn ever
unless you enjoy poorly lit male torsos
lights go out and they finally group up
but Lawrence almost immediately splits
off to find his buddy this accomplishes
little more than to give them a general
idea of where Jason is while he lets
Lawrence scream for in an Irving Lee
long time saying that they're not coming
to save him Jason goes ahead and
finishes the job
Trent then runs upstairs to get the
family gun and what must be a secret
room where
doesn't see or hear Bri pounding around
she has a brief standoff with a window
before we get confirmation that Jason's
in the house and then she gets racked
the police show up but don't accomplish
much other than to confirm Jason is now
outside
Trent gets jumpy and starts shooting at
everything bomb down belfry you don't
know that with the squad car rendered
useless they split off and run into the
woods
Trent loses his gun in a puddle it
eventually finds the road unfortunately
his distrust of the proletariat delays
him too long and Jason catches up back
at camp clay and Jenna here Whitney
screaming and managed to find their way
to her among the gently used camping
equipment on their way out in an
unceremonious twist Jenna brings up the
rear and his run through with a machete
they scuffle with Jason briefly and
managed to run off in the rain winding
up back at the barn clay searches the
barn for useable weapons so as to engage
Jason in armed combat which ends with
clay taking quite a bit of damage
luckily Whitney is savvy enough to pull
the mommy bit before Jason can pull him
up allowing them to wrap a chain around
his neck and start pulling the chipper
does the rest of the work with Whitney's
sealing the deal in the end they roll
him into a lake with some of his most
intimate possessions ensuring an
eventual spiritual rebirth which happens
to happen well ahead of the sequel and
that was the Friday the 13th remake and
the end of the series for now it's been
ten years since we've had a Jason movie
and thanks to rights issues into ongoing
legal battles it's anyone's guess when
we might get another so it's gonna have
to do for now I hope you enjoy the video
and thanks for watching